Paths API (#1037)
tethysplatform/tethys: docs/tethys_portal/configuration.rst

AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS_OVERRIDE                   override for ``AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS`` setting. CAUTION: improper use of this setting can break the Tethys Portal.
RESOURCE_QUOTA_HANDLERS                            a list of Tethys ``ResourceQuotaHandler`` classes to load (see: :ref:`sdk_quotas_api`). For convenience, any quota handlers listed here will be appended to the default list of quota handlerss. To override ``RESOURCE_QUOTA_HANDLERS`` completely, use the ``RESOURCE_QUOTA_HANDLERS_OVERRIDE`` setting.
RESOURCE_QUOTA_HANDLERS_OVERRIDE                   override for ``RESOURCE_QUOTA_HANDLERS`` setting. CAUTION: improper use of this setting can break the Tethys Portal.

> USE_OLD_WORKSPACES_API                             a temporary setting that maintains backward compatibility for the :ref:`tethys_workspaces_api` when True. When False the the new :ref:`tethys_paths_api` functionality will apply. Defaults to True.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USE_OLD_WORKSPACES_API                             a temporary setting that maintains backward compatibility for the :ref:`tethys_workspaces_api` when True. When False the the new :ref:`tethys_paths_api` functionality will apply. Defaults to True. Will be removed in 5.0.
```

REGISTER_CONTROLLER                                override the default registration page with a custom controller. The value should be the dot-path to the controller function/class (e.g. ``tethysext.my_extension.controllers.custom_registration``)
ENABLE_OPEN_PORTAL                                 no login required for Tethys Portal when ``True``. Defaults to ``False``. Controllers in apps need to use the ``controller`` decorator from the Tethys SDK, rather than Django's ``login_required`` decorator.
ENABLE_RESTRICTED_APP_ACCESS                       app access can be restricted based on user object permissions when ``True``. Defaults to ``False``. If ``ENABLE_OPEN_PORTAL`` is set to ``True`` this setting has no effect. That is, users will have unrestricted access to apps independently of the value of this setting.

> TETHYS_WORKSPACES_ROOT                             location to which app/user workspaces will created. Defaults to :file:`<TETHYS_HOME>/workspaces`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TETHYS_WORKSPACES_ROOT                             location to where app/user workspaces will be created. Defaults to :file:`<TETHYS_HOME>/workspaces`.
```
